# Entry 1

  I’ve been researching on Bitcoin these days and I think I learn how Bitcoin works and what’s unique about it. The decentralized trading system, which anyone could process other’s transactions. Google Bitcoin is not that reliable because at the top is all advertisements and trading websites, so I decided to watch tech videos like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BODyqM-V71E or https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-Qhv8kLESY. I believe it is reliable because it collaborates with other resources that I found and these I believe these videos are the easiest one to understand how Bitcoins works. The skills that I’m currently attempting are how to Google, finding reliable resources and analyze it so I could post the most reliable resources on my website, otherwise, I’m providing false information that might mislead my visitors. 
  
  In 2008, an anonymous person named “Satoshi Nakamoto” published the bitcoin whitepaper online. In the book, he proposed a decentralized digital currency. Bitcoin is an innovation because today's transaction is performed by an authority usually a bank, but bitcoin is decentralized, which anyone could form someone else’s transaction. Every time a transaction is performed, the information will be added to all the previous transaction records, which people called it a “Blockchain”. The blockchain is encrypted and sent to every peer that’s processing transactions. The people that are performing transaction are called “Bitcoin Miner”. Nakamoto also suggests a rewarding system to motivate people to perform transactions, if a transaction is happening, the sender has to pay extra bitcoin to the miner for performing their transaction. The miner who successfully perform the transaction, the system will reward the person extra Bitcoins. When the Bitcoin system was established, the system was rewarded 50 Bitcoins per transaction, every 4 years the reward reduces by half. 2008 is a really disastrous year for the economy and the system trying to prevent economic problems like inflation, Nakamoto limited the supply of the Bitcoin, there is only 21 million Bitcoin in the system. 
  
  I think Bitcoin is a great idea because it is an innovation that’s applicable for Modern day, we are transitioning from physical currency to digital currency, credit card and bank account are basically a digital representation of a person’s wealth, right now people go out without carrying cash no more so I think people could take one step further to make people go out without carrying their credit card too.  


[Home](../README.md)
